Added docs for embedding, sharing + embed with sso (#10)
avantifellows/plio-docs: docs/plio-for-teams/single-sign-on.md

There are two ways to use this feature:
- If you already have a user management system, you can simply pass in the unique ID for a viewer in your system as the `unique_id` parameter mentioned above.
- If you don't and simply want any viewer to bypass Plio's authentication, you can use any random value for `unique_id`. However, in this case, you won't be able to identify the users during analysis. 

### Receiving data from Embedded Plio

> You can embed your plios on your website as shown [here](../getting-started/#embedding-a-plio) but, on the default plan, you will not receive any data from the embedded plio if your viewers haven't already logged in to plio. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can embed your plios on your website as shown [here](../getting-started/#embedding-a-plio), but, on the default plan, you will not receive any data from the embedded plio if your viewers haven't already logged in to plio. 
```

> However, if you have an organizational workspace, you can receive data from your users without them having to log in to plio using Single-Sign On (SSO). Let's see how!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you have an organizational workspace, you can use the Single-Sign On (SSO) feature provided by Plio. This will allow you to receive data from your users without them having to log in to plio. Let's see how!
```
Just trying to break long sentences into multiple senteces

This is what you typically see when you click the `Embed` button in the Editor:

![embed dialog](../getting-started/images/embed_dialog.png)

However, in the organizational workspace, you will see two embed codes instead of one, as shown below:

![embed dialog sso](./images/embed_sso.png)

> The first embed code is the same as the one shown in the image before. The second embed code uses SSO to enable you to receive data from the embedded plio as well even if the user has not logged in to plio. In this case, we will use the same combination of `unique_id` and `api_key` as discussed in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first embed code is the same as the one shown in the image before. The second embed code enables you to receive data from the embedded plio, even if the user has not logged in to plio. This is done using SSO. In this case, we will use the same combination of `unique_id` and `api_key` as discussed in the previous section.
```

> You will notice that your API Key is already pre-filled in the second embed code. All you need to do is to replace the `UNIQUE_ID` mentioned in the embed code with the `unique_id` of the user watching the plio within your website. It is the responsibility of your programmer to ensure that the correct `unique_id` is set for each user watching the embedded plio from your website.

Reviewer: `programmer` seems very weird here
Maybe `developer` or `your tech team`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will notice that your `API Key` is already pre-filled in the second embed code. All you need to do is to replace the `UNIQUE_ID` mentioned in the embed code with the `unique_id` of the user watching the plio within your website. It is the responsibility of your programmer to ensure that the correct `unique_id` is set for each user watching the embedded plio from your website.
```
